# FMJ-MC Radio Communications // 3.18.5014u
Local militia forces stationed at the **ROOK**-controlled **KORO** outpost came into contact with **FMJ-MC**. A PMC aligned with the liberation front stationed there has reported a **ROOK**-controlled convoy transporting heavy machinery through the outpost, of note are four large mobile platforms. According to the militia scientist **DR. KAI**, the platforms are carrying mobile weapon systems that could be used to reinforce **ROOK**'s forces in the region.

Their energy readings show half-life decay similar to Uranium-238, indicating the presence of fissile material. If the weapon systems are mobile frames, they will significantly bolster **ROOK**'s forces.

The convoy is expected to leave the outpost in T-minus 48 hours.

# FMJ-MC Transport Carrier // 3.20.5014u
The squad finally met each other en-route to coordinates of a reported military convoy transporting heavy machinery for **ROOK**. Guided by FMJ-MC Commanding Officer **BISHOP**, Squad **ALPHA-ZERO-ZERO-ONE** was given a critical opening gambit mission to scout the convoy, deploy reconnaissance drones, and intercept the convoy to seize its cargo.

For the first time, **FMJ-MC** Liberation Front will go on the offensive against the mercenary warlord **ROOK**. The squad's success will determine the outcome of the mission and the future of the liberation front's operations in the region. The stakes are high, and the squad must be prepared for the worst.

# FMJ-MC Forward Operating Deployment // 3.20.5014u

Tremors from the convoy's mobile platforms have been detected by the squad's sensors. The convoy is moving through a narrow canyon pass, making it an ideal location for an ambush. The PMC guarding the convoy has split into two groups, with one group moving ahead to scout the area.
